feature/icm/1294-fix-docs-for-configMapMounts-in-icm-web (#1295)
intershop/helm-charts: charts/icm-web/docs/values-yaml/config-map-mounts.asciidoc

|configMapName|The name of the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/[configMap]|string|{mandatory}|-
|mountPath|Absolute path of the folder where to mount the file. The complete file path is [.placeholder]#`mountPath`#/[.placeholder]#`fileName`#.|path|{mandatory}|-
|fileName|Name of the file inside the Kubernetes https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/[configMap]|path|{mandatory}|-
|fileMode|https://www.linuxfoundation.org/blog/blog/classic-sysadmin-understanding-linux-file-permissions[file permissions] of the mounted file|file permissions (octal)|{optional}|-

> |readOnly|If `true`, the file is mounted read-only|string|{optional}|`false`

Reviewer: The problem ticket author also mentioned the readOnly documentation:

[readOnly on configMapMounts is effectively a no-op](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#configmap): K8s always mounts configMap-backed volumes read-only, so true, false or omitting it all result in a read-only file. May update the docs to clarify this rather than implying the flag controls writability.

```suggestion
|readOnly|Controls the `readOnly` flag of the volume mount. Has no practical effect: because the mount is backed by a Kubernetes https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/[configMap], the file is *always* mounted read-only regardless of this value (`true`, `false` or omitted)|string|{optional}|`false`
```
